DOCS-3390: Apply Micro-RDK feedback (#3896)
viamrobotics/docs: static/include/micro-create-your-own.md

> `viam-micro-server` works differently from the RDK, so creating modular resources for it is different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Micro-RDK works differently from the RDK, so creating modular resources for it is different.
```

> Refer to the [Micro-RDK Module Template on GitHub](https://github.com/viamrobotics/micro-rdk/tree/main/templates/module) for information on how to create custom resources for your `viam-micro-server` machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Micro-RDK Module Template on GitHub](https://github.com/viamrobotics/micro-rdk/tree/main/templates/module) for information on how to create custom resources for your microcontroller.
```

> You will need to [recompile and flash your ESP32 yourself](/operate/get-started/other-hardware/micro-module/) instead of using Viam's prebuilt binary and installer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to [build custom firmware and flash your ESP32 yourself](/operate/get-started/other-hardware/micro-module/) instead of using Viam's prebuilt binary and installer.
```
